I have a little problems with my laptop. And s so I had a little less time to complete. it didn't work anymore. The entire Windows
Welcome to the conceptual design meeting. also this time there will be three presentations. And we must reach a decision on the remote control concepts. and at the end, I, when I finish it off I have some input from a master class I visited. information. I will take notes. and at the end of the minutes will be at the shared folder.
I'll be talking about the components. what I did was I reviewed previously used items by two two different age groups. below forty five and above. They, well, they like more the they like the traditional materials, like wood and and such more. And they like straightforward shapes. where whereas the young and dynamic, they like a more soft materials. soft and fluffy and colourful and. But the two basic sources that I found were the best possible were the battery versus kinetic. Or you can go for both? But the thing is about solar panel is you have to have light. and you you could you could use normal light, but you wouldn't get the same amount of energy that you would from a battery or something. I I prefer kinetic because it's well, the costs aren't that much higher, and, ju just a bit more high-tech than than a normal battery. But, what what Jarek said, you could you could use a battery that you'd just keep it on the recharging whenever it moves. Or but but you could go in a in an double curves. And that's like several different dimensions. Yeah, that gives you a younger and more high-tech look, I I figured. Yeah you could It leaves more space for creativity. I I ch prefer rubber because it feels Yeah. Well, we discussed it in a previous meeting, so I figured I'll just leave it at the LCD. you use the battery and charge it up with kinetic.
I I I would prefer both too.
But if you have a square LCD screen, and you put a case around it that has like bulbs or that that covers part of the LCD screen. That's it's custom customisable and
So what are the opinions? rubber or plastic? I I I prefer rubber.
I went to Paris and Milan for some trend-watching. In Paris and Milan, we asked different people, differing in age and in income, the amount of money to spend, what they like in design and material nowadays. Our main audience, so that's people below forty, prefer the following. At first, the colours of fruit. fresh colours, green, red, strawberry red, yellow, banana yellow. Yeah. They like spongy material,. Okay, our secondary audience, people above forty a forty years in age, they like the dark traditional colours. Yeah, materials like wood that. They have to look fancy. they should be technological in innovative. and easy to use. We have to aim at a mu at the main audience. And, therefore use fresh colours. Here, think about removable covers, as seen in mobile telephon telephone market. To customise your own remote control. in my second sheet of personal preferences, we have to reconsider the speech function recognition. You you can see that the market is just screaming for new technologies, like speak speech recognition and stuff. building games like Snake or Tetris to amuse the younger users. And third, I stick with it, the log-in functionality with the slogan, take parental control to a new dimension.
But, the main concept is take one big touch screen. always display the primary buttons clear and visible. And make the menu structure changeable. One thing you've gotta keep in mind, keep the remote clear of too much functions at the same time. And, things like teletext, put them in the menu. But, well my preference would to be put it in the menu structure.
I think we can discuss a little about the the three kind of revolutionary things Tim came with. I think that parental control is a good function to to put in the remote.
How I see it is you put it on the the remote and then you have like a Windows log-on screen with parents, children.
You don't want to to go down and watch the news at eight o'clock and turn it on and wait twenty seconds for for the log-on screen and then remember your code and all kinds of settings. You may use like when there's XP, a simple log-on, you just push one or two or three.
I don't know if it's worth the time and effort we are going to spend on it.
Well I think that's a there's a big market for it,
Just make through a remote as it is, but make an option to insert profiles,
I i i if we in incorporate the parental control, let's say we do, and and well whatever, cho child just goes up to the TV and presses up for instance. What what may be better is to incorporate an a separate device that that you can program with the remote control.
Okay. And what do you guys think of the games in the voice recognition?
But I don't think when you're watching TV, hearing loud noises from the TV, someone screaming one, and you the channel switches, Yeah.
Yeah, like voice recognition is too much, I think. But
Okay. So the games are in it. The voice recognition are not. And the parental control are
Well, I think also it's a good idea, buts very difficult to incorporate.
Like the first idea from You can buy it without and with parental contr control? Or are we going to put it in and just
I I figure if you had two different remotes, you could bo choose one with well a receiver in it.
Well, maybe you just have to restrict it to what programs, where the parent says, you cannot watch channel seven, nine, and ten, and you cannot watch all channels after ten o'clock.
But you still have the problem about the television itself. You could just blame it on television and make it their problem.
Okay. So I think we have decided on the things that from Janus, the energy, the combination between battery and kinetic. The case will be double-curved and rubber, in a fr flashy fruity colour that with cover is removable. The buttons will be touch-screen. but there may not be too many buttons. The parental control will be incorporated, but it must be not too complex.
Maybe it's handy to build in an expert view and a simple view.
What I was thinking about is just a menu structure, when you don't use it is simple.
We take it to the other meeting,. I went to a master class and two things are are can come in handy for us. First thing is we talked about knowledge management. Knowledge engineering and the fact that that that the idea of knowledge, sharing and learning knowledge from other companies is like that. It's it's very hot at the moment,. so it's it's mostly for the management expert to to look what other. What other companies had to also with the the the the marketing campaign when they put on a newer remote, just some Yeah. Import export. I had a I had another idea to put the whole the whole idea of Real Reaction and a single brand and that kind of thing. When you put on remote, you see a kind of a just like when you telephone, you see a little animation. And with the with the with the motto, we put fashion in electronics.
Well, if you if you have the LCD screen, you can you can have a small logo i at the bottom.
That spins around like all the time. It it's just like a globe in Internet Explorer.
N, next meeting starts in thirty minutes. the the industrial development centre and user interface will work together on a prototype. And will drawing it on the SMARTboard. And, the marketing expert will will ke he will be keeping busy with the product evaluation. But the most specific instructions will be sent to you by email. But I think it was a very very good session, gentlemen. But keep an eye on your laptops for a real